You are Li Xiangqin
That's right, that's fine.
Come on out.
Not a single one
Do you know why I came to you?
It's for this little bastard
He's not a bastard
His name is Su Xiaocao
She's my daughter.
Hahaha, I thought it was a big shot.
It turns out that the old wild species is back
So what if you came back?
I can open your daughter's cornea
You look up to him.
He shouldn't be happy.
unhappy
You are a nightclub owner
Take the enemy's cornea as a charity
Do you know
My daughter can't see light without a cornea.
You lowly bastard
Can you torture the bastard for me?
It's not like I can't afford it.
Come on, he has to get married.
100,000 200,000
As long as I can use your daughter's cornea
See more beautiful and high-end scenery
Your whole family should be grateful for me
Woman, don't talk nonsense with him
See how I kill him
You kill you
Sister is too powerful to beat
elder brother
Didn't something misunderstand?